You just said that, right?
Do you dare to say that it is wrong? I will clean it for you immediately.
You are just not afraid of hearing.
Then we will explain the method,
Technique explanation, technique explanation, technique explanation, please help me listen to a fact,
I'm telling you.
This is dealing, this is dealing. That’s what I said.
I don't mind hearing this,
If you dare to say it again, I will help you and arrest you immediately.
Then go and have enough, you are just a little big fish renting a water column,
What kind of wife can you turn into?
I'm enough, I'm enough. You don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want you don’t want
We are the same. Let me hide for a while.
2. Old Guidance Mountain
Come eight Come one three